[EDU-6400] add build and scale launch release notes (#1621)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/release-notes/release-notes.mdx

---
import Tag from 'primevue/tag'

## May 6, 2025

### Build & Scale: Platform & Product Enhancements

#### Edge Functions

- **Node.js API Compatibility:** [Broader suppor](https://azion-node-matrix-compat.azion.app/)t for Node.js APIs through new polyfills; including FS, Crypto, Process, HTTP/HTTPS, Events, and Stream modules.  
- **WinterTC (ECMA Open Standard):** Over 80% compatibility with WinterTC APIs, promoting portability and eliminating vendor lock-in.  
- **Expanded Framework Support:** Now compatible with Next.js, Vue, React, Angular, Gatsby, Astro, and more.  

> - **Runtime Limits Increased:** Edge Functions now run up to 5 minutes of CPU time and support application bundles up to 20MB.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Runtime Limits Increased:** Edge Functions now run up to 5 minutes of CPU time and support application bundles up to 20 MB.  
```

- **Templates:** New templates for fast deployment of e-commerce, web sites, blogs, and more—available in Console.

#### Edge SQL

- **Edge SQL Shell:** CLI tool to simplify migrations from PostgreSQL, MySQL, and other platforms.  
- **Ecosystem Integrations:** Native connections to Prisma, LangGraph, and templates for Turso, Neon, Fauna, Drizzle ORM, MongoDB, and any REST-compatible DB.  
- **Universal Open Data Ecosystem:** Openness for integrating external tools and rapid onboarding for distributed data needs.

#### Edge Storage

> - **Universal Data Migration Program:** Free, customer-wide migrations from S3-compatible object storage from major cloud providers; no data size limits (see eligibility).  

Reviewer: Vai ter um link aqui pra que o usuário possa ver os dados da eligibility?
```suggestion
- **Universal Data Migration Program:** Free, customer-wide migrations from S3-compatible object storage from major cloud providers; no data size limits (see eligibility).  
```
